Maria: This is so exciting! What should we do first?

Mike: Let's grab a map and take a look.

(Mike and Maria headed over towards an employee working at the amusement park.)

Mike: Hi. Do you have any map we can have?

Employee: We sure do! Here you go!

(The employee hands Mike and Maria a map.)

Employee: Have fun, and enjoy your stay! While you're here, don't forget to ride the Rapid Dragon roller coaster. It is our newest attraction. Also, if you have more questions, feel free to ask.

Mike: Alright, sure thing. Thank you.

(The employee walks away.)

Mike: We should visit that ride the employee suggested.

Maria: I don't know. It sounds kind of scary. Maybe not right away.

Mike: Alright, Maria. I understand.

(Mike and Maria take a few minutes to read their map. Suddenly, Mike has an idea.)

Mike: Why don't we try riding the rides that seem less intimidating first, and then work our way to the bigger and scarier rides?

Maria: Alright. That sounds like a good idea.

(Mike and Maria began walking around the amusement park until they came across a small roller coaster ride.)


Mike: How about this one?

Maria: Just as long as you're with me.

Mike: Don't worry. It should be fine. You'll love it!

(Mike and Maria wait in line for the ride.)

Maria: I'm nervous.

Mike: It is natural to be nervous. Don't worry, and don't think about it too much. Just try and enjoy yourself.

(Maria smiles and kisses Mike on his cheek. Their turn eventually arrives. They sat in the roller coaster cart, buckle their seat belts, and roll off.)

Maria: Hey. This isn't as bad as I thought.

Mike: I told you.

(Maria laughed. When the ride came to an end, they got off their seats, and looked at their map.)

Maria: What should we do next?

Mike: There is a ride where you sit on a raft and ride down a steep slope. Want to try that?

Maria: Sure!

(Mike and Maria head over to the ride, wait in line, get onto the rafts, and slide down.)

Mike: Wasn't that fun?

Maria: Yes! Let's ride that once again!

Mike: Alright, but first let's eat our sandwiches. I'm getting hungry.

Maria: Alright. Maybe after this, we can ride the newest attraction!

Mike: Are you sure?

Maria: Definitely!