Mike: Excuse me, sorry to bother you, but are you that actor from those funny movies?

Actor: No, I'm sorry. You must have me confused...

Maria: You are him! We recognize you.

Actor: Alright, you got me. Please try to keep your voices down. I'm trying not to get noticed by people.

Mike: I'm sorry, Mr. Stiller. My girlfriend and I absolutely love your work.

Maria: Yes, we are such big fans. We've seen every one of your movies. You are so hilarious.

Actor: Thank you very much. I appreciate the kind words. Would you guys like an autograph?

Mike: We would love to get an autograph from you. Let me just see if we have something to write with.

Maria: I think I have a pen in my bag.

(Maria reached into her bag and pulled out a pen and a piece of notebook paper to write on.)

Maria: Here you go, honey, use this.

(Mike grabs the pen and paper from Maria, and hands it to the actor.)

Actor: Alright, who do I make it out to?

Mike: Mike and Maria.

(The actor signs the piece of paper and hands it back to Mike, who is smiling.)

Mike: Thank you so much, Mr. Stiller. You are so nice for doing this for us. I'm going to tell all my friends of how nice of a person you are in real life.

Actor: It was my pleasure. Take care.

Maria: Goodbye.

Mike: Take care.
(Mike and Maria walk to see their movie. They take their seats in front of the big screen. The movie has not yet started.)

Mike: I cannot believe we just met him. How unbelievable is that, Maria?

Maria: Not believable at all. He was so nice. I was surprised he didn't ignore us.

Mike: Me too. Most actors usually don't want to be bothered. But he didn't even mind giving out an autograph. Do you still have it?

Maria: Have what?

Mike: The autograph. I gave it to you.

Maria: No, you did not.

Mike: Are you sure?

Maria: Yes, I'm sure. You never handed it to me. Check the insides of your pockets.

(Mike searched his pockets and found nothing.)

Mike: Oh, no. I think I might have dropped it in the lobby. Do you think it's too late to go look for it?

Maria: Not if the movie doesn't start playing.

(The lights in the theater dim, and the movie begins to play.)