Maria: Which beach should we go to?

Mike: How about Santa Monica?

Maria: Alright, sounds good to me.

(Mike and Maria then prepare to go to Santa Monica Beach. After arriving there and finding a place to park their car, Mike and Maria decide to walk along the shore barefoot. During their walk, Maria takes notice of the beautiful and famous Santa Monica Pier.)

Maria: Hey, Mike. Want to go and take a walk on the pier?



Mike: Sure. It's been a while since I've visited that place.

(Mike and Maria put their shoes back on and head over to the pier, which is home to the Pacific Wheel Ferris wheel and other rides. They begin explore the pier's little shops and restaurants and focus on one in particular.)

Maria: I have never eaten at the Bubba Gump Shrimp Company.

Mike: Me neither, and I love the movie it's based on, Forrest Gump! Want to go in and try it out now?

Maria: Sure. Looks good!

(Mike and Maria enter the restaurant, sit at a table, and are given the restaurant's menu; they begin to look through it.)

Mike: Everything looks so good. I'm a bit undecided.

Maria: Same here!

(Mike and Maria take another moment to look through the menu. Then their waiter arrives.)

Waiter: Hi. Welcome to the Bubba Gump Shrimp Company! Are you two ready for me to take your order?


Mike: Yes. I'll have the shrimp cocktail.

Waiter: And what about you?

Maria: I think I'll settle for the seafood pasta.

Waiter: Any drinks?

Mike: I'll have Coca-Cola.

Maria: I'll just have some water.

Waiter: Is that all?

(Mike and Maria glance at each other and both respond with a yes.)

Waiter: Alright. Your meal will arrive shortly.

(After Mike and Maria have their meal, they exit the restaurant and continue to walk along the noisy and busy pier. As they walk, Maria notices an artist painting a portrait of an elderly couple. Mike and Maria walk over and take a closer look at the artist's work.)

Maria: Wow! He is very talented.

Mike: Yeah, he definitely is. The painting looks just like them.

(Mike and Maria watch the artist at work for a few more minutes. Then they continue their walk along the pier. Mike notices a few fishermen fishing along the edge of the pier.)

Mike: Hey, Maria. How about we try fishing sometime this week here on the pier?

Maria: Sounds like a great idea! Another thing to add to my list!

Mike: It'll be great.

Maria: But I should warn you. I have never fished before.

Mike: I have. Don't worry. Leave it to me, and I'll show you what to do.

Maria: Alright. I can't wait.

Mike: Me neither.